Update README.md (#163)
KULeuven-MICAS/snax-mlir: README.md

# SNAX-MLIR

Repository for research on an MLIR-based compiler for open-source RISC-V based heterogeneous accelerators platforms developed by KULeuven and friends.
Here `snax-opt` is developed, an [MLIR](https://mlir.llvm.org) compiler in python, based on [xdsl](https://github.com/xdslproject/xdsl).
The open-source hardware that `snax-opt` is targetting is available over at [KULeuven-MICAS/snax_cluster](https://github.com/KULeuven-MICAS/snax_cluster)

_Please note that this repository is currently under heavy development and not ready for general consumption.
We very happily welcome active collaborations and pull requests though!_

General flow:
```mermaid
graph LR
    A[Input MLIR] --> B(mlir-opt) --> C(snax-opt) --> D(mlir-opt)--> E(mlir-translate) 
    B --> D
    E --> F(clang) --> G[RISC-V SNAX Executable]
```

Example input MLIR is available in the `kernels` folder, it contains:
* Handwritten MLIR tests, mainly `linalg` on `memref`s.
* Scripts to download and build MLPerf Tiny Benchmark tests.

> The output binary can be run on a RISC-V RTL simulator through [verilator](https://www.veripool.org/verilator/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output binary can be run on a SNAX Cluster RTL simulator through [verilator](https://www.veripool.org/verilator/).
```

> These builds are developed and maintained over at [KULeuven-MICAS/snax_cluster](https://github.com/KULeuven-MICAS/snax_cluster)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These simulator builds are developed and maintained over at [KULeuven-MICAS/snax_cluster](https://github.com/KULeuven-MICAS/snax_cluster), and some prebuilt systems are shipped with the docker container.
```
